                               UnboundID Corp.
                         End User License Agreement
                              (Evaluation Only)


THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (THIS "AGREEMENT") SETS FORTH THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS ON WHICH UNBOUNDID CORP. ("UNBOUNDID") IS WILLING TO ALLOW YOU (IF
YOU ARE INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE ON YOUR OWN BEHALF) OR THE BUSINESS ENTITY
THAT IS YOUR EMPLOYER (IF YOU ARE INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE IN YOUR CAPACITY AS
AN EMPLOYEE OR AGENT OF A BUSINESS ENTITY) (IN EITHER CASE, "YOU" or
"LICENSEE") TO ACCESS AND USE CERTAIN UNBOUNDID SOFTWARE, THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE
AND ASSOCIATED MEDIA, PRINTED MATERIALS, AND ONLINE OR ELECTRONIC
DOCUMENTATION (COLLECTIVELY, THE "LICENSED MATERIALS", AS FURTHER DEFINED
BELOW).  THIS AGREEMENT IS A BINDING LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN LICENSEE AND
UNBOUNDID AND REPRESENTS THE ENTIRE UNDERSTANDING BETWEEN LICENSEE AND
UNBOUNDID WITH REGARD TO THE LICENSED MATERIALS.  IF THIS AGREEMENT IS
CONSIDERED TO BE AN OFFER BY UNBOUNDID, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN.

BY YOUR EXPRESSION OF ASSENT IN ANSWER TO THE QUESTION "DO YOU ACCEPT ALL THE
TERMS OF THE PRECEDING LICENSE AGREEMENT?" YOU INDICATE THAT YOU INTEND YOUR
EXPRESSION OF ASSENT TO SERVE AS YOUR SIGNATURE TO THIS AGREEMENT AND TO HAVE
THE SAME FORCE AND EFFECT AS THE USE OF A MANUAL SIGNATURE, AND IF YOU ARE
INSTALLING THE LICENSED MATERIALS IN YOUR CAPACITY AS AN EMPLOYEE OR AGENT OF
A BUSINESS ENTITY, YOU WARRANT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO LEGALLY BIND SUCH
ENTITY TO THIS AGREEMENT.  IF LICENSEE DOES NOT AGREE TO OR CANNOT COMPLY WITH
ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, (1) YOU MUST NOT EXPRESS
ASSENT TO THE QUESTION "DO YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS OF THE PRECEDING LICENSE
AGREEMENT?" AND (2) YOU MUST DESTROY ALL COPIES OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS IN
YOUR POSSESSION IMMEDIATELY.


1 Definitions.

1.1   CDDL means the Common Development and Distribution License version 1.0
      (http://www.unboundid.com/cddl.html), and terms defined therein.

1.2   CDDL Work means any work which is licensed under the CDDL.

1.3   Documentation means the printed, online or electronic documentation
      provided with the Licensed Software to explain its operation and use.

1.4   Effective Date means the date You express your assent to the terms of
      this Agreement.

1.5   Evaluation Period means the ninety (90) day time period beginning on the
      date the Software was first provided to Licensee. 

1.6   Evaluation Purposes means internal non-commercial evaluation with
      non-production data on ten (10) or fewer systems.  In the event of any
      conflict between this definition of Evaluation Purposes and the Grant of
      License and Restrictions on Use stated in Section 2 below, the
      provisions of Section 2 shall take precedence.

1.7   Licensed Materials means the Licensed Software and Licensed
      Documentation.

1.8   Licensed Software means the UnboundID Software and Third Party Software.

1.9   Oracle means Oracle USA, Inc.

1.10  Oracle Software means any Oracle software or documentation included in
      the Licensed Materials including, without limitation, Berkeley DB Java
      Edition Transactional Data Store.  

1.11  Third Party Licensor means the owner or licensor of any Third Party
      Software including, but not limited to, Oracle.

1.12  Third Party Software means the object code version of any software owned
      by or licensed to a third party and licensed to UnboundID that is
      distributed with or integrally incorporated into the UnboundID Software.

1.13  UnboundID Software means the software that this Agreement accompanies,
      including but not limited to the UnboundID Directory Server, UnboundID
      Directory Proxy Server, UnboundID Synchronization Server, UnboundID 
      LDAP SDK for Java, object code, compiled libraries, source code, and 
      source files, and patches, updates, modifications or new releases 
      thereof that may be provided by UnboundID to the licensee from time to
      time.


2 Grant of License and Restrictions on Use.

2.1   In consideration of Licensee's agreement to abide by the terms and
      conditions of this Agreement, and provided that Licensee complies with
      the restrictions stated in Section 2.3 below (which define the scope of
      the license rights granted herein), UnboundID grants Licensee, and only
      to Licensee, a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable
      license to install, access and use the Licensed Materials for Evaluation
      Purposes only.  The foregoing license will apply to Licensee and its
      officers, employees,  authorized agents and independent contractors
      using the Licensed Materials on Licensee's behalf (provided that such
      individuals and entities have agreed in writing to be bound by all
      applicable restrictions and other relevant terms and conditions of this
      Agreement) and Licensee is liable for use of the Licensed Materials by
      such individuals.  Except as expressly stated herein, Licensee will have
      no right to receive or review the source code version of any portion of
      the Licensed Software.  The Licensed Software is licensed as a single
      product; its component parts may not be separated for use on more than
      one computer.  UnboundID reserves all rights not expressly granted
      herein.

2.2   UnboundID shall have the right to audit Licensee's use of the Licensed
      Materials, and Licensee agrees that it will provide reasonable
      assistance and access to its facilities in the course of such audit.  In
      addition, Licensee agrees that UnboundID may report the results of such
      audit to its Third Party Licensors or to assign its right to audit
      Licensee's use of the Licensed Materials to such Third Party Licensors.

2.3   Acknowledging that such actions are outside the scope of the license
      granted herein, and subject to the limited exception in Section 4 below,
      Licensee shall not (and shall not allow any third party to):
      2.3.1   copy the Licensed Materials;
      2.3.2   reverse engineer (unless required by law for interoperability),
              disassemble or decompile the Licensed Software (including, but
              not limited to, any review of data structures or similar
              materials produced by the Licensed Software); 
      2.3.3   remove or modify any product identification, markings, copyright
              or other notices from the Licensed Materials (including, but not
              limited to, any notice of UnboundID's or any Third Party
              Licensor's or its licensor's proprietary rights);
      2.3.4   sell, distribute, provide, lease, lend, rent, outsource, host or
              use for timesharing or service bureau purposes or otherwise use
              or allow others to use the Licensed Materials to or for the
              benefit of third parties;
      2.3.5   except as expressly specified in the Documentation, incorporate
              the Licensed Software into or with other software;
      2.3.6   modify or create a derivative work of any part of the Licensed
              Software;
      2.3.7   disclose to persons other than Licensee any content which uses
              or references the Licensed Materials, including but not limited
              to developed extensions (in source or compiled form), test or
              benchmark results, or evaluation documents; or
      2.3.8   assign, give or transfer the Licensed Software or an interest in
              them to another individual or entity (in the event You grant a
              security interest in Licensed Software, the secured party has no
              right to use or transfer the Licensed Software).

2.4   With respect to, and solely with respect to, the source code form of any
      CDDL Works in the Software, the restrictions stated in the foregoing
      Section 2.3 are null and void to the extent they alter or restrict the
      CDDL or the recipients' rights thereunder.  The restrictions on the
      source code form of any CDDL Works in the Licensed Software are as
      stated in the CDDL.

2.5   Licensee recognizes and agrees that there is no adequate remedy at law
      for a breach of this Section 2, that such a breach would irreparably
      harm UnboundID, and that UnboundID is entitled to equitable relief
      (including, without limitation, injunctions, and without the posting of
      a bond) with respect to any such breach or potential breach in addition
      to any other remedies.


3 Intellectual Property Ownership.

The Licensed Materials are protected by copyright laws, international
copyright treaties, and other intellectual property laws and treaties.
Subject to Section 4 below, UnboundID or its Third Party Licensors (and their
licensors, if applicable) retain all ownership of, and intellectual property
rights in (including copyright), the Licensed Materials and all copies
thereof.  The Licensed Software is licensed, not sold.



4 CDDL/Open Source Software.

The UnboundID Software may include CDDL Works.  With respect to any such CDDL
Works:  (i) upon written request by the Licensee, UnboundID will provide
copies of the source code and other materials subject to and pursuant to the
terms of the CDDL; (ii) WARRANTY, SUPPORT, INDEMNITY OR LIABILITY OBLIGATIONS
OFFERED HEREIN, IF ANY, ARE OFFERED BY UNBOUNDID AND NOT BY ANY OTHER
CONTRIBUTOR OR INITIAL DEVELOPER OF ANY SUCH CDDL WORK; and (iii) ANY AND ALL
TERMS IN THIS AGREEMENT WHICH DIFFER FROM THE CDDL ARE OFFERED BY UNBOUNDID
ALONE AND NOT BY ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR OR INITIAL DEVELOPER OF ANY SUCH CDDL
WORK.


5 Oracle Components.

The following terms apply to Oracle Software:

5.1   The Oracle Software may only be used by the legal entity that is the
      Licensee under this Agreement.

5.2   The Oracle Software is subject to a restricted license and can only be
      used in conjunction with the Licensed Materials.  

5.3   You are not permitted to modify the Oracle Software.

5.4   The Oracle Software may include source code that Oracle may provide as
      part of its standard shipment of such Oracle Software, which source code
      shall be governed by the terms of this Agreement.

5.5   Third party technology that may be appropriate or necessary for use with
      some Oracle Software is specified in the Documentation or as otherwise
      notified by UnboundID, and such third party technology is licensed to
      You only for use with the Licensed Materials under the terms of the
      third party license agreement specified in the Licensed Materials or as
      otherwise notified by UnboundID and not under the terms of this
      Agreement.

5.6   To the extent permitted by applicable law, Oracle's liability for (1)
      any damages, whether direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive or
      consequential and (2) loss of profits, revenue, data or data use,
      arising from the use of the Oracle Software are hereby expressly
      disclaimed.

5.7   For all purposes of this Agreement, Oracle shall be expressly deemed an
      intended third party beneficiary of this Agreement and shall have the
      right to enforce the terms and conditions of this Agreement.


6 License Fees.

There is no license fee for the license granted in this Agreement, which is
limited to Evaluation Purposes.  After the Evaluation Period, You may
purchase a commercial license to use the Licensed Materials upon execution of
UnboundID's then-current End User License Agreement and upon payment of
UnboundID's  then-current fees, including all applicable taxes.   


7 Term and Termination.

7.1   This Agreement will be effective as of the Effective Date.  

7.2   This Agreement may be terminated by UnboundID for any reason or no
      reason upon written notice to Licensee.  

7.3   All rights and licenses granted herein will simultaneously and
      automatically terminate at the end of the Evaluation Period or upon any
      earlier termination by UnboundID.  Licensee will, within five (5) days
      following such termination, (a) delete all copies or partial copies of
      the Licensed Materials installed on Licensee's computers and (b) return
      to UnboundID all copies or partial copies of the Licensed Materials in
      Licensee's possession or, upon request by UnboundID, destroy all copies
      or partial copies of the Licensed Materials then in Licensee's
      possession or under Licensee's control and certify in writing to
      UnboundID that they have been destroyed.  The provisions of Sections
      2.3, 3, 5, 7.3, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 15 will survive expiration or
      termination of this Agreement. 


8 Confidentiality Obligations.

Except as expressly allowed by this Agreement, Licensee will not use or
disclose any Licensed Software or related technology, ideas, algorithms or
information except to the extent Licensee can document that it is generally
available for use and disclosure by the public without any charge or license.
Licensee recognizes and agrees that there is no adequate remedy at law for a
breach of this Section 8, that such a breach would irreparably harm UnboundID
and its Third Party Licensors and that UnboundID is entitled to equitable
relief (including, without limitation, injunctions without the posting of a
bond) with respect to any such breach or potential breach in addition to any
other remedies.


9 Disclaimer of Warranties.

THE LICENSED MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND NEITHER UNBOUNDID NOR ITS
THIRD PARTY LICENSORS  WARRANT THAT THE LICENSED MATERIALS WILL BE ERROR-FREE,
VIRUS-FREE, WILL PERFORM IN AN UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR TIMELY MANNER, OR WILL
INTEROPERATE WITH OTHER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, SYSTEMS OR DATA.  TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, ALL CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE (EVEN
IF UNBOUNDID HAD BEEN INFORMED OF SUCH PURPOSE), OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED.  No employee, agent, representative or
affiliate of UnboundID has authority to bind UnboundID to any oral
representations or warranty concerning the Licensed Materials. Any written
representation or warranty not expressly contained in this Agreement is
unenforceable.


10 Limitation of Liability.

IN NO EVENT SHALL UNBOUNDID OR ITS THIRD PARTY LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA
OR DATA USE, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, COST OF COVER, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND) ARISING OUT OF THE
USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED MATERIALS OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO
THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF UNBOUNDID HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.


11 Additional Rights.

Certain states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation
of liability for certain kinds of damages, so the exclusion of warranties and
limitation of liability set forth above may not apply to You.



12 Technical Support.

UnboundID has no obligation under this Agreement to provide support or
maintenance or updates, modifications or new releases to the Licensed
Materials.  To the extent that updates, modifications or new releases are
provided, Licensee acknowledges that such updates, modifications or new
releases will be subject to all limitations, restrictions, and qualifications
relating to Licensed Materials, as well as Licensee's obligations with respect
to the Licensed Materials. 


13 Export Restrictions.

The Licensed Materials are subject to all pertinent import and export laws of
the United States, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Export
Administration Regulations ("EAR" located at 15 C.F.R. Sections 734 et seq).
Licensee agrees that it will be solely responsible for compliance with all
such laws and shall indemnify UnboundID for any penalties, losses, fines, as
well as all costs and other expenses incurred by UnboundID as a result of any
violation or alleged violation of export laws by Licensee.  Licensee agrees
that: (a) it will not export, re-export, or transfer, directly or indirectly,
the Licensed Materials to any person, firm or country on the Denied Persons
List, Entity List, Debarred Parties or Specially Designated Nationals lists,
countries supporting terrorist activities or any other country or entity
designated by the U.S. Government as prohibited by U.S. law, or nationals
thereof; and (b) it is not located in such a country or on such a list.
Licensee agrees that it will not transfer, export or re-export, directly or
indirectly, the Software for use or to users in military or proliferation
activities (nuclear, missile, chemical or biological weapons) without U.S.
Government authorization (by export license or regulation). Licensee agrees
that, upon request, it will provide additional end use/end user information or
written acceptance of requirements and responsibilities to comply with U.S.
export license requirements. Licensee agrees to be bound by any future
modifications of the list of restricted destinations by amendments to the EAR
or other U.S. government regulations. These requirements shall survive the
term or termination of the Agreement and require the end user to comply fully
with all relevant laws and regulations of the US and other applicable export
and import laws to assure that neither the programs, nor any direct product
thereof, are exported, directly or indirectly, in violation of applicable
laws.


14 U.S. Government Restricted Rights Legend.

The Licensed Materials were developed at private expense and are provided with
"Restricted Rights."  Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is
subject to restrictions as set forth in FAR52.227-19, its successor or
applicable agency rights in technical data or computer software.  In the event
that this Agreement, or any part thereof, is deemed inconsistent with the
minimum rights identified in the Restricted Rights provisions, the minimum
rights shall prevail. 


15 Miscellaneous.

15.1   This Agreement and performance hereunder shall be governed by and
       construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without
       regard to its conflict of laws rules.  Any disputes related to this
       Agreement shall be exclusively litigated in the state or federal courts
       located in Travis County, Texas.

15.2   If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal
       or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the
       remaining provisions shall in no way be affected or impaired thereby. 

15.3   The Licensee may not subcontract, sublicense, assign, or transfer its
       rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement to any person or
       entity, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of
       UnboundID.

15.4   The Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act does not apply to
       this Agreement.

